life was harder before these three
things the ability to deep Squat and
touch her elbows to the floor it may
seem silly but if you can do that you do
have the hip mobility to step up really
high surfaces and you have the ability
to get really low so you could play with
your seven month old daughter or puppies
or kittens or gerbils next the ability
to rehab yourself roll the clip further
that was the actual sound of my heel
hitting the pavement obviously talk to a
doctor first like I did but when it's
tolerable get it moving as much as
possible because movement equals blood
flow which equals nutrients which equals
you know the stuff that actually heals
you and lastly the ability to lift
something heavy and take it for at least
some distance
all I know is if my place catches on
fire I'm carrying my wife and kids to
safety stay Flexi